Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today's Wednesday, February
the 25th. My name is Amarie Band and
this is the Moneyball Morning Report.
Charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by
Manthther Q. We begin looking at the E-
Mini S&P after the State of Union
address last night. I don't know what we
could say about that. We could say all
kinds of things. Uh some people mad,
some people sad. Isn't that the way it
always goes? So, what I do notice is
this liquidation wick that if somebody
was going long and they said, "Hey, you
know, I'll let support be congestion or
the big fat round number, they were
stopped out and markets turned around
and moved to the north. We have a very
tight 30 minute opening range probably
because of the State of the Union
address on the horizon.
If I were a betting man, I would say
that anyway." And now
because of that I'm simply going to look
at the 1h hour range. Looks like we're
breaking through that in terms of a
measured move. Indeed it came through
the first time almost
to the tick on that first measure and
now we are accelerating
up into the edges of the formation. We
have this big breakaway line at 6931.
Uh, wow. The call wall has moved down 50
points. Interesting. Put wall still at
6,800. We'll leave a line right there.
What do I anticipate?
Potentially a topping formation like
this. We are at value area high 6923.
We have moved in a wick action to the
north and then reversed. I anticipate
that traders are going to try to catch
the top of the formation and go short.
Here's the fly in the ointment.
The last time we had this kind of motion
and indeed here on this wick,
our momentum was a fair bit weaker. So,
we want to exhaust this momentum event
over here so that if it is a fade, it
moves down. Looks to me like dips could
easily be bought in this particular
structure. Momentum is staying pretty
high. And that sends us back into 6940,
6950,
and
6967.
So, a lot of people calling 47000.
Again,
I'm not in that camp, but
I'm just going to stare down the charts.
Where's the go no-go line today?
Right at that 6,900. Watch for the
wiggles.
Could have about 10 points of risk
sitting there at that 6900 event. So, be
cautious. And trend is up, right? And if
trend is up, then dips or buys. No
matter what momentum is telling us, dips
or buys. But watch the line in the sand
to hold. And that's going to give us
some better running. I suspect location
is very bullish in a momentum space. So
those dips are buys. If you're trying to
chase this out, 6915,
6916,
that's a pretty nice area for a breakout
formation. If it comes back and holds,
it could be 30 points. If not, it's back
in the measured move event that takes us
to 6907
or so. My boxes are on the 1 hour time
frame simply because the 30-minut time
frame is too compressed. We can tell
that they were waiting there. So, we
leave them to wait. Same thing in the
NQ. As we move along, what do we have?
bullish of course trend is bullish. Same
sort of liquidation wick that came into
the line that I think is the go no-go
line which is 25,000
or so. It could be 25,020,
but there it is. About 20 points of risk
sitting on that edge anchored VWAP from
yesterday. 24,950
value area high 25,90
value area low 24,85
dips or buys. But if we lose the go
no-go line at 25,000, we've got this
rotation that could easily take us back
to the bottom of the range. Notice it
took us 2 days. Well, one and a half
days to get to the bottom and 1 and 1/2
days to get to the top. So, the speed of
motion seems very controlled.
This this does make me think that
expansion to the upside will likely
compress, but I have no idea how many
sellers are waiting up here. Everybody
is seeing the exact same thing as me,
right? It's not that, you know, we all
think, hey, somebody's going to see
something different. No, we all see the
same things. It's how we interpret those
things and then how we respond when
everything unfolds. You can see the
traders trying to sell the top edge of
the range.
Pullbacks or buys in this structure. So,
you want to look for buy zones further
down. If you get some of us get very uh
impatient and we'll say to ourselves,
"Okay, well then I'm going to trade
short down into this edge." Just
go with the strength. Don't change sides
all over the place. Or at least that's
just me. If you're a scalp trader and
you can do it,
just do it. I mean, you can do it if do
it. If you can't, don't. Point of
control in the ENQ. Something of uh a
line to look at and that's 25,000 and
20. Let's take a look at our liquidity
measure, Bitcoin.
What are we seeing?
It's trying to lift off of the floor. It
took three days to get down there.
It might take
3 days to get back up here. I don't
know. Here's what I do see. I see trend
being bullish here. I'm going to remove
this uh
segment. I'll put another one here.
Trend is bullish in this formation. We
can still see lower highs, but we've
broken through this range. So now we are
between
67,000 and
say 64,000.
That's my suspicion is that that is the
go no-go line.
Dips or buys put wall
sitting at 64,700. Now we've got trend
here. And so what we do anticipate if
momentum stays up in positive territory,
this pullback is going to give us
pressure to the north, that's going to
be risk on until it falls into exit
liquidity, which I believe is still
occurring. A lot of big money managers
moved out of um
a lot of the Bitcoin ETFs. So, this is
pretty interesting in terms of seeing
what else is going on in here. We could
say stalled right up at the 68,000 area.
Okay, watch yourself below 64,000 to
take a long. It might be better to wait
to 62,600
to try that long. Again,
it's messy. However, dips or buys and
we're coming into a potential buy zone.
If you say, "Hey, I want to take this
here at 65,500."
You know, your stop is going to be about
65,000. So, you've got about 500
points and you can see where it goes.
Target 66 and then to 67. Let's take a
look at oil.
Oil futures are fading. This is the
third, no second lower high. Third if
you want to count this one being the
high. Uh but they are trying to hold a
floor. So what's happening here? Well, a
couple of things. Um
we have the forward contracts in
backwardation, meaning they're cheaper
in the future.
We have a very compressed value area,
high low area. the that region is 6655
value area high value area low is
and this structure
um this structure
suggests to me they're trying to build a
bottom now what's the story board
momentum
slightly negative but they are holding
the floor at 6550
6540. So what's the storyboard? Could
they shake out the weak hands at 6537
and then recapture it?
That seems viable.
So if you're thinking about taking a
long in here, 6537
needs to
hold as the floor. Now if it fades and
then recovers, you're still in good
shape. Here is a Fibonacci that is
measuring the high to the low of the
current formation. We might say it's
this low and this high.
50% of that range is $6642.
Price action.
It could break down. A lot of people are
thinking this is bearish. I
I think it's going to hold this ledge. I
think it's going to hold this. If it
doesn't, then I'm wrong. We move back
into the anchored VWAP event way down
here at 64.
So, because the forward contracts are in
backwardation, the grind is to the
south,
but there are a lot of people trying to
lift it up. And while this Iran stuff
says
uh fluid, we have decisions to make
about what's going on with the chart. I
um
I think there's way more energy
constraints than people are willing to
talk about and so I think it's a bullish
press. So dips or buys, that's what my
suspicion is. Let's go to gold.
All right, take a look at gold.
This one just triggered
again. Let's remove the alert. Uh oh, I
got to remove the ray.
Okay, so we are
we're in a bullish space. No doubt about
it. Right, we can see all kinds of
pressure moving us up from this range.
What am I going to do? I am going to
see the rate of change remains the same
because the slope is the same. What's
the breakout area?
5215,
something like that. Next line in the
sand would be 5240.
I think that is where the call wall is
sitting. Value area high is 5250.
So the target event here
should gold move to the north is
52695270.
Notice we're still inside of the range
of yesterday. That inventory event from
yesterday. So if we clone this and move
down,
it gives us all the candle bodies. If we
clone it again,
it collects the wicks, but not all the
way there. So, that measure isn't great.
It isn't perfect. But for the bodies,
sure works. So, let's move this to here
for the breakout to the north takes us
right into that 5250 area. It's very
choppy, so be careful. dips are buys,
but momentum is starting to drift. And
when momentum starts to drift, we have
these mean reversions to much bigger
time frames
and moving averages. So, that's what
we're staring down right there. Lastly,
let's take a look at SPY. I still
haven't sorted why it's not giving me
the day values, but look at where we
are. Right up here at 690. This is where
price action is currently printing.
That's the top of the range. Could it
break to the north? Yes. If it goes,
where is it going to head to? First
place, heavy congestion right at 692.
We know this number. We seen it a ton of
times. 692. If we don't break the range,
we're going to come right back into the
big sideways box of motion. And that
really is where most of this price
action is occurring in this pretty big
box that's sideways, per se.
We have a little bit of a trend line
there, but the break
could be pretty solid, right? It's got a
few points to that north for sure. as it
sits resistance up at 689
and that's really where we are right
now. I expect sellers to show up in the
short run but I'm not sure how long
they'll stay there. All right, that's it
for me folks. I'll see you all tomorrow.